Formulation of Research Question and Literature Search
==========================================================================================

Formulation of Topic Keywords/Key Phrases
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Topic is `AI in Software Engineering`:
    - Natural Language Processing (NLP)
    - Large Language Models
    - Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) and Encoder-Decoder models
    - Code quality measurement, improvement and assurance
    - Handling of identifiers in source code -- atomic units of knowledge, making up most
      of all source code
    - Understanding identifier in a functional sense (what do they mean to say?) and
      making (cross-language) connections between them (are they about the same thing?)

Research Question
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We answer the following questions[^1] in a maximum of two sentences, optimally one.
Statements here are not cited, as they are not part of the academic text. Beware of
plagiarism -- do not use anything from here directly.

Introduction:
> Identifiers make up about 70% of all source code, and hence encode a lot of information
> in a natural language format (with additional syntactic rules.) Code quality and
> comprehension might be dramatically improved by considering this information.

Problem Statement:
> Since identifiers are natural language, this information can be hard to make sense of
> with automated tooling for code analysis, improvement, automatic completion, or quality
> assurance.

State of the Art (in Literature):
> There exist NLP models, mostly based on deep learning but also some statistical
> analysis, which can predict identifiers to aid developers, measure the quality of
> existing identifiers, and establish semantic relationships between identifiers, within
> or across languages.

Our approach:
> We collect a list of literature presenting state-of-the-art machine learning techniques
> to draw broader conclusions from: Effectiveness of current approaches, categories of
> implementation, and possible pathways for future research.

Implementation:
> [ Not applicable? Err... we write the paper? ]

Results:
> Ideally, we present the reader with information which helps them understand the
> landscape of identifier-specific software engineering tools, and inspire them to find
> gaps in knowledge, or improve on existing ideas.

[^1]: Writing template, courtesy of Steve Eastbrook.

